Top 5 risks:

1. Inexperience - Because most of our group members have had much experience building software beyond C and C++ programs,
   we are at a disadvantage.

2. Poor project schedule management - Due to our inexperience, we are at risk of poor project schedule management. Personal time 
   management is difficult for everyone, but coordinating a team effort is even trickier. 

3. Communication - Improper communication causes misunderstanding and confusion in a group. Improper communication can include 
   not responding to group mates in a timely manner. 

4. Technical problems/difficulties - As all developers know, bugs are going to happen. They can delay a team and deal a massive 
		blow to your project in the long run, robbing you of time to add and perfect features. There is always a chance of encountering
		problems with other software such as your IDE, repository, and individual files in a large project.

5. Schedule Conflicts - The group members' schedules conflict often, so it is difficult to plan meetings. 


Plan for managing risks:

Monitoring:
  - Immediately establish times that could work for meetings where everyone is free
  - Hold regular meeting and set agendas for each meeting so it has a direction and time is not wasted
  - Monitor each group member's contribution. 
  - Identify subtasks and assign them to individual group members, and ensure tasks are done on time.

Re-Evaluation:
   - Monitor how much we learn along the way, and based on the level of experience we are at, perhaps every two 
     weeks or so, we can review the risks we initially laid out and can decide if they are still applicable, have 
     become a problem for us, or are at the same level as when we first wrote them.
   - Once we have started making progress on the app, we can see if any new risks have developed, or if the initial 
     ones still apply.


Contingency:
  - If there are delays, certain features could be omitted
  - Number of cities could be reduced/increased depending on progress
  - Assign individual members to research topics required for development of the project and have them teach the
    rest of the group.
	
	

=====DELIVERABLE II UPDATE as of 10/11/17=====

	- Development has begun, and now that we are finally getting off the ground, there are a few updates to the risks.
	
	New Risk List
	
	1. Time management - Time is going by fast, and code inspection is not far away. We need to stick to the schedule to make sure that the 
		app gets finished by inspection.
		
	2. Communication - Group members need to be using slack more to curate information, ideas, and plan. 
	
	3. Web Server Issues - Inexperienced at server side programming, which means that fixes and functionality implementation may take longer than we expect. 
		Setting up the webserver and database may be a challenge. 
	
	4. Technical problems/difficulties - As all developers know, bugs are going to happen. They can delay a team and deal a massive 
		blow to your project in the long run, robbing you of time to add and perfect features. There is always a chance of encountering
		problems with other software such as your IDE, repository, and individual files in a large project. 
	
	5. Schedule Conflicts - The group members' schedules conflict often, so it is difficult to plan meetings. 
	
	Monitoring update - We have been mitigating our risk by holding regular meetings, both in and outside of class. Team performance needs to improve
	to meet deadlines. Will require more work than some members of group are currently contributing. 
	
	Del II Re-Evaluation - Many development tasks for the project are not difficult, but require dedication to learning the core concepts behind them. Each member of 
	the group has a personal responsibility to research and understand the requirements for the app. Group has had very productive meetings and planning sessions,
	leading to a change in requirements and project specifications. 
	
	Contingency update - At this point, we have a better understanding of the programming requirements for our desired functionalities. As a result, we have made some changes
	to our features to accomodate our timeline. Further contengency plans may include omitting the trip calculator or the login system if we are behind schedule, or adding a travel calender
	and other features like News and gas prices if we are ahead of schedule and have time to add more features.
	